Grand Master Qin is about to kill them
This person doesn't understand
Why does it scare me?
In fact, the number of big moves has been set
It's not easy for you to rest
It's very orthodox.
Now go back to you and get it all
I can spare you to die
Yang Fan, are you kidding?
Big Zhou Prosperity
Is the tree as good as you can say?
Yes, since before you came
Our continent is in good weather
People's well-being
We nine women bless the Kyushu nine ethnic groups and guard the world
After you come
You are the culprit
The Grand Preceptor must be a monster
The layout of Kyushu has caused damnation
Disrupt the Continent
Nonsense
It is clear that you smashed the Jiuding
Burn the deed
Tian Qian was also attracted by you
Don't talk nonsense
He is the richest man on the continent
Back then, I fought bloody battles in Cangshan, Beijing
He helped me.
To defeat the Northern Alliance Empire
I don't believe it.
He is coveting the beauty and family affairs of our nine daughters
Delusional Cloud Leap Dragon Gate
Think about your beauty and family affairs in one step
If I want
Big Zhou is mine
Enough, the old man has done his best
All is well
But now the big week is turbulent
Natural and man-made disasters continue
You must be the monster
You are good
The dynasty's fate is still far from clear
How dare you underestimate this old man?
You don't care